docs(dotnet): document .NET native options for Android and Apple (#16664)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/dotnet/guides/apple/configuration/native-options.mdx

Requires `EnableAppHangTracking` to be `true`.

See [App Hangs](/platforms/apple/configuration/app-hangs/).

</SdkOption>

## Breadcrumbs

<SdkOption name="Native.EnableAutoBreadcrumbTracking" type="bool" defaultValue="true">

Automatically adds breadcrumbs for various system events (network changes, low memory warnings, etc.). Enabled by default.

See [Automatic Breadcrumbs](/platforms/apple/enriching-events/breadcrumbs/#automatic-breadcrumbs).

</SdkOption>

## Performance

<SdkOption name="Native.EnableAutoPerformanceTracing" type="bool" defaultValue="true">

Automatically tracks performance for `UIViewController` subclasses, HTTP requests, app start time, and slow/frozen frames. Enabled by default.

Requires performance monitoring to be configured (i.e. `TracesSampleRate` or `TracesSampler`).

See [Automatic Instrumentation](/platforms/apple/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#opt-out).

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="Native.EnableCoreDataTracing" type="bool" defaultValue="true">

Tracks performance of Core Data operations. Requires performance monitoring to be enabled.

> See [Core Data Instrumentation](/platforms/apple/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#core-data-instrumentation).

Reviewer: issue: The Anchor seems wrong ... I believe this should be `#core-data-tracing`

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="Native.EnableNetworkTracking" type="bool" defaultValue="true">

Tracks performance of HTTP requests and adds breadcrumbs for network activity. Requires `EnableAutoPerformanceTracing` and `EnableSwizzling` to be enabled.

See [HTTP Instrumentation](/platforms/apple/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#http-instrumentation).

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="Native.EnableNetworkBreadcrumbs" type="bool" defaultValue="true">

Adds breadcrumbs for each network request. Requires `EnableAutoPerformanceTracing` and `EnableSwizzling` to be enabled.

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="Native.EnableUIViewControllerTracing" type="bool" defaultValue="true">

Automatically creates transactions for `UIViewController` subclasses.

See [UIViewController Instrumentation](/platforms/apple/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#uiviewcontroller-instrumentation).

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="Native.EnableUserInteractionTracing" type="bool" defaultValue="false">

Creates transactions for UI events such as button taps and switch toggles. Disabled by default.

> See [User Interaction Instrumentation](/platforms/apple/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#user-interaction-instrumentation).

Reviewer: issue: I start to get really angry with LLMs now 😉

```suggestion
See [User Interaction Tracing](/platforms/apple/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/#user-interaction-tracing).
```

<SdkOption name="Native.AddInAppInclude(prefix)" type="method">

Includes frames matching the given iOS module prefix as "in-app" in stack traces.

```csharp
options.Native.AddInAppInclude("MyApp");
```

See [In-App Include](/platforms/apple/configuration/options/#in-app-include).

</SdkOption>

## Session Replay

Session Replay for Apple platforms is currently experimental and must be opted into.

<SdkOption name="Native.ExperimentalOptions.SessionReplay.SessionSampleRate" type="double?" defaultValue="null">

Sample rate for all sessions, between `0.0` and `1.0`. Set to `0.0` or leave as `null` to disable session replay for regular sessions.

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="Native.ExperimentalOptions.SessionReplay.OnErrorSampleRate" type="double?" defaultValue="null">

Sample rate for sessions that encountered an error, between `0.0` and `1.0`. Set to `0.0` or leave as `null` to disable session replay for errored sessions.

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="Native.ExperimentalOptions.SessionReplay.MaskAllText" type="bool" defaultValue="true">

> Masks all text content in session replay recordings to protect user privacy. Enabled by default.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps something like this?

https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/blob/7b73fc9772e09107cefb50e71eb455df799eafb0/docs/platforms/apple/common/features/experimental-features.mdx?plain=1#L70

https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/blob/7b73fc9772e09107cefb50e71eb455df799eafb0/docs/platforms/apple/common/features/experimental-features.mdx?plain=1#L70

> Masks all text content in session replay recordings to protect user privacy. Enabled by default.

Author: We do already have an equivalent of that in the dotnet docs for that setting here:
https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-docs/blob/0aba22c1ef66277e6d7170022c5f68ca06cc9b5d/docs/platforms/dotnet/guides/apple/configuration/native-options.mdx?plain=1#L236-L244

So I think we're covered.... someone would have to deliberately enable that setting, which has warnings all over it.

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="Native.ExperimentalOptions.SessionReplay.MaskAllImages" type="bool" defaultValue="true">

> Masks all images in session replay recordings to protect user privacy. Enabled by default.

Reviewer: todo: we need to mention `"best effort"` when it comes to automatic masking

Author: See comment above - I think we cover this off on the option that is required to enable session replay at all on iOS 26+ / liquidglass.

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="Native.ExperimentalOptions.SessionReplay.EnableViewRendererV2" type="bool" defaultValue="true">

Captures session replay on a background thread to avoid interfering with the main thread and reduce potential frame drops. Recommended setting — disable only if you encounter specific issues.

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="Native.ExperimentalOptions.SessionReplay.EnableFastViewRendering" type="bool" defaultValue="false">

Enables faster view rendering at the cost of some visual fidelity. Disabled by default.

</SdkOption>

<SdkOption name="Native.ExperimentalOptions.SessionReplay.EnableSessionReplayInUnreliableEnvironment" type="bool" defaultValue="false">

> Forces session replay to be enabled even in unreliable environments (iOS 26+ with Liquid Glass). By default, session replay is disabled on iOS 26 and later because masking of text and images cannot be reliably guaranteed.

Author: ```suggestion
Due to potential masking issues,  session replay is disabled on iOS 26+ with Liquid Glass. If you [understand these issues](/platforms/apple/guides/ios/session-replay/troubleshooting/#why-is-session-replay-not-running-on-ios-260) and want to force Session Replay to be enabled anyway, you can use this setting to enable it.
```
